{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Roboto-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red247\green246\blue240;\red38\green38\blue38;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red71\green146\blue243;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18620\viewh16820\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\

\fs48 	I enjoy watching extraordinary things unfold around a winning concept.\
\
			I get my kicks watching an extraordinary concept unfold.\
			\
\
A good concept is evident yet strange\
\
\
a website without a good concept is like \'97\'97\'97 without \'97\'97\'97\'97.\
\
\
I enjoy watching \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl776

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 design, content, and experience
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 .\
\
good concept creates and experience, not something to look at.\
\
Keep it simple stuipid\
\
what does it MEAN\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl467

\f2\fs32 \cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4  clear and consistent conceptual structure\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl467
\cf6 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Home is currently Sacramento, CA but my gadgets and I are plotting our return to Southern CA.\cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl467
\cf4 \
\
\
\
Other people call me Ali Smith.  I don\'92t mind.\
\
Driven by the holy grail of all creativity: \
\
Breaking it down to its core.\
\
Complex ideas.\
\
I\'92m inspired by simple ideas, whether its in my writing, concepts or design.\
\
People react two different ways to chaos.  There are those who say \'93thanks, but no,\'94 and there are those who will compulsively break it down into decipherable parts.  I\'92m the latter.\
\
There are two sides to every idea: \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl467
\cf6 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Revision builds character.\cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl467
\cf4 We all know a good concept when we see it,\
\
\
I\'92m a pursuer of great ideas that lead to brilliant (and therefore simple) concepts.  When that happens, the rest falls into place \'97 whether it be content, design or development.   When it gets too complicated, revise.  It builds character.\
\
I\'92ve acquired lots of character as a copywriter, producer and creative director at ad agencies big and small.  Worked on lots of cool brands.  Pocketed a few choice awards.  See it all in glorious detail on my resume.\
\
My latest pursuit is turning great ideas into brilliant \cf6 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 (and therefore simple) \cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 websites.  So I\'92ve learned to code, and I\'92d love to collaborate as a front-end developer with you on your next project.   \
\
Give me a shout!\
in  email\
\
I once worked with a Creative Director who insisted that the test of a good concept was whether or not it could be described in a single word.  If not, he sent us off with the sentiment "revision builds character."\
			<br/><br/>\
			To date, I\'92ve acquired lots of character.  But I've also learned that a well-distilled idea is at the core of any worthwhile creative endeavor, be it content, design or development.\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl467
\cf6 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 I\'92m a Copywriter, Creative Director and Producer for ad agencies big and small.  I\'92ve worked on lots of fun brands.  \cf6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Worked with diverse people. \cf6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Pocketed some nice awards. See it all in glorious detail on my resume.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl467
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I once worked with a Creative Director who insisted that the test of a good idea was whether or not it could be described in a single word.  If not, he sent us off with the sentiment "Revision builds character."\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl467
\cf0 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 To date, I\'92ve acquired lots of character.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl880\sa240

\f1\fs64 \cf0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 At this point in experience design\'92s evolution, satisfaction ought to be the norm, and delight out to be the goal.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qr

\b\fs40 \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \'97 STEPHEN ANDERSON \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://quotesondesign.com/stephen-anderson/"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs20 \outl0\strokewidth0 [ PERMALINK ]}}
\fs20 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qr
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl1060\sa240

\b0\fs76 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Every creator painfully experiences the chasm between his inner vision and its ultimate expression.\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qr

\b\fs40 \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \'97 ISAAC BASHEVIS SINGER \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://quotesondesign.com/isaac-bashevis-singer/"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs20 \outl0\strokewidth0 [ PERMALINK ]}} \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://twitter.com/home?status=Every%20creator%20painfully%20experiences%20the%20chasm%20between%20his%20inner%20vision%20and%20its%20ultimate%20expression.%20%20...%20%20http://quotesondesign.com/?p=198"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs20 \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 [ TWEET THIS ]}} \uc0\u8232 
\fs20 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 [ SOURCE: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/i/isaacbashe104113.html"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 WEBSITE}} ]
\fs40 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl1160\sa240

\b0\fs84 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Less is more.\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qr

\b\fs40 \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \'97 LUDWIG MIES VAN DER ROHE \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://quotesondesign.com/ludwig-mies-van-der-rohe/"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs20 \outl0\strokewidth0 [ PERMALINK ]}} \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://twitter.com/home?status=Less%20is%20more.%20%20...%20%20http://quotesondesign.com/?p=190"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs20 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 [ TWEET THIS ]}}\cf0  \uc0\u8232 
\fs20 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 [ SOURCE: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.greatbuildings.com/architects/Ludwig_Mies_van_der_Rohe.html"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 WEBSITE}} ]
\fs40 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\sa240

\b0\fs48 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 It takes confidence to throw work away \'85 When people first start drawing, they\'92re often reluctant to redo parts that aren\'92t right \'85 they convince themselves that the drawing is not that bad, really \'97 in fact, maybe they meant it to look that way.\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qr

\b\fs40 \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \'97 PAUL GRAHAM \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl467

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl1160\sa240

\f1\fs84 \cf0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Think outside the DIV.\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qr

\b\fs40 \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \'97 KRISTOF ORTS \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://quotesondesign.com/kristof-orts/"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs20 \outl0\strokewidth0 [ PERMALINK ]}} \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://twitter.com/home?status=Think%20outside%20the%20DIV.%20%20...%20%20http://quotesondesign.com/?p=888"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs20 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 [ TWEET THIS ]}}\cf0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl467

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf0 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\
\
			
\f1\fs76 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 It is not daily increase but daily decrease; hack away the unessential.\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qr

\b\fs40 \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \'97 BRUCE LEE \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://quotesondesign.com/bruce-lee/"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs20 \outl0\strokewidth0 [ PERMALINK ]}} \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://twitter.com/home?status=It%20is%20not%20daily%20increase%20but%20daily%20decrease;%20hack%20away%20the%20unessential.%20%20...%20%20http://quotesondesign.com/?p=588"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs20 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 [ TWEET THIS ]}}\cf0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl467

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf0 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl1160\sa240

\f1\fs84 \cf0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Design is redesign.\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qr

\b\fs40 \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \'97 JAN MICHL \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl467

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf0 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl1160\sa240

\f1\fs84 \cf0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Design is a good idea.\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qr

\b\fs40 \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \'97 EMIGRE \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl467

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf0 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl1060\sa240

\f1\fs76 \cf0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 When you are stuck, walk away from the computer and draw. It will teach you how to see.\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qr

\b\fs40 \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \'97 GERARD HUERTA \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://quotesondesign.com/gerard-huerta/"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs20 \outl0\strokewidth0 [ PERMALINK ]}} \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://twitter.com/home?status=When%20you%20are%20stuck,%20walk%20away%20from%20the%20computer%20and%20draw.%20It%20will%20teach%20you%20how%20to%20see....%20%20http://quotesondesign.com/?p=1764"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs20 \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 [ TWEET THIS ]}} \uc0\u8232 
\fs20 \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 [ SOURCE: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.davidairey.com/creative-block/"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 REFERENCE}} ]
\fs40 \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl467

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf0 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl1060\sa240

\f1\fs76 \cf0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 It\'92s all fun and games until someone breaks a link.\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qr

\b\fs40 \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \'97 DEREK VIGIL \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl467

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl1160\sa240

\f1\fs84 \cf0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Eloquence is vehement simplicity.\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qr

\b\fs40 \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \'97 RICHARD CECIL \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://quotesondesign.com/richard-cecil/"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs20 \outl0\strokewidth0 [ PERMALINK ]}} \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://twitter.com/home?status=Eloquence%20is%20vehement%20simplicity....%20%20http://quotesondesign.com/?p=2218"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs20 \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 [ TWEET THIS ]}} \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl467

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf0 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\sa240

\f1\fs48 \cf0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 All of us who do creative work, we get into it because we have good taste. But there is this gap. For the first couple years you make stuff, it\'92s just not that good. It\'92s trying to be good, it has potential, but it\'92s not. But your taste, the thing that got you into the game, is still killer. And your taste is why your work disappoints you. A lot of people never get past this phase, they quit. Most people I know who do interesting, creative work went through years of this. We know our work doesn\'92t have this special thing that we want it to have. We all go through this. And if you are just starting out or you are still in this phase, you gotta know it\'92s normal and the most important thing you can do is do a lot of work \'85 It is only by going through a volume of work that you will close that gap, and your work will be as good as your ambitions \'85 It\'92s gonna take awhile \'85 You\'92ve just gotta fight your way through.\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qr

\b\fs40 \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \'97 IRA GLASS \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://quotesondesign.com/ira-glass-2/"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs20 \outl0\strokewidth0 [ PERMALINK ]}} \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://twitter.com/home?status=All%20of%20us%20who%20do%20creative%20work,%20we%20get%20into%20it%20because%20we%20have%20good%20taste.%20But%20there%20is%20this%20gap.%20For%20the...%20%20http://quotesondesign.com/?p=1560"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs20 \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 [ TWEET THIS ]}} \uc0\u8232 
\fs20 \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 [ SOURCE: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://011101010.blogspot.com/2010/11/thank-you-ira.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 SNIPPED}} ]
\fs40 \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl467

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl1160\sa240

\f1\fs84 \cf0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 A brand is the promise of an experience.\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qr

\b\fs40 \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \'97 ALEXANDER ISLEY \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://quotesondesign.com/alexander-isley-4/"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs20 \outl0\strokewidth0 [ PERMALINK ]}} \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://twitter.com/home?status=A%20brand%20is%20the%20promise%20of%20an%20experience....%20%20http://quotesondesign.com/?p=2264"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs20 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 [ TWEET THIS ]}}\cf0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl467

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf0 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl1160\sa240

\f1\fs84 \cf0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 The process is really just Iterate, Iterate, Iterate.\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qr

\b\fs40 \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \'97 CHRIS CLARK \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl467

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl1060\sa240

\f1\fs76 \cf0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 No matter how cool your interface is, it would be better if there were less of it.\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qr

\b\fs40 \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \'97 ALAN COOPER \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl1060\sa240

\b0\fs76 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 There is no such thing as simple. Simple is hard.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qr

\b\fs40 \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \'97 MARTIN SCORSESE \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://quotesondesign.com/martin-scorsese/"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs20 \outl0\strokewidth0 [ PERMALINK ]}} \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://twitter.com/home?status=There%20is%20no%20such%20thing%20as%20simple.%20Simple%20is%20hard....%20%20http://quotesondesign.com/?p=2222"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs20 \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 [ TWEET THIS ]}} \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl1060\sa240

\b0\fs76 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Good design means never having to say \'93Click Here.\'94\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qr

\b\fs40 \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \'97 SHAWN LESLIE \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://quotesondesign.com/shawn-leslie/"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs20 \cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 [ PERMALINK ]}}\cf0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl1060\sa240

\b0\fs76 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Elegance is not the abundance of simplicity. It is the absence of complexity.\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qr

\b\fs40 \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \'97 ALEX WHITE \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://quotesondesign.com/alex-white/"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs20 \outl0\strokewidth0 [ PERMALINK ]}} \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://twitter.com/home?status=Elegance%20is%20not%20the%20abundance%20of%20simplicity.%20It%20is%20the%20absence%20of%20complexity....%20%20http://quotesondesign.com/?p=2166"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs20 \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 [ TWEET THIS ]}} \uc0\u8232 
\fs20 \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 [ SOURCE: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/events/265503853493041/"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 FACEBOOK EVENT}} ]
\fs40 \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl467

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf0 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl780\sa240

\f1\fs56 \cf0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 The whole essence of good drawing\'97and of good thinking, perhaps\'97is to work a subject down to the simplest form possible and still have it believable for what it is meant to be.\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\qr

\b\fs40 \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \'97 CHUCK JONES \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://quotesondesign.com/chuck-jones/"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs20 \outl0\strokewidth0 [ PERMALINK ]}} \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://twitter.com/home?status=The%20whole%20essence%20of%20good%20drawing%E2%80%94and%20of%20good%20thinking,%20perhaps%E2%80%94is%20to%20work%20a%20subject%20down%20to%20the%20simp...%20%20http://quotesondesign.com/?p=2194"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs20 \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 [ TWEET THIS ]}} \uc0\u8232 
\fs20 \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 [ SOURCE: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.chuckjones.com/about-chuck-jones/quotes/"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 PERSONAL WEBSITE}} ]
\fs40 \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl467

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
}